Saas security url field (#15805)
demisto/content: Packs/PrismaSaasSecurity/ReleaseNotes/1_2_2.md

#### Incident Fields
- **Saas Security Asset URL**

#### Mappers
##### Saas Security - Incoming Mapper

> - Added new incident field **Saas Security Asset URL** with value **asset_page_uri** from the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a mapping to the **Saas Security Asset URL** incident field.
```

#### Layouts
##### Saas Security Layout

> - Added new entry **Asset URL**  to **Remediation Action** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new entry **Asset URL** to the **Remediation Action** section.
```

> - Fixed typo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a typo.
```

#### Integrations
##### SaaS Security

> - Removed default classifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the default classifier.
```
